com.github.q115.goalie_android.uiTest.FriendActivityInstrumentedTest addContact
com.github.q115.goalie_android.uiTest.FriendActivityInstrumentedTest viewCorrectlyLaidout
com.github.q115.goalie_android.uiTest.MainActivityInstrumentedTest menuClickProfileGoesToProfile
com.github.q115.goalie_android.uiTest.MainActivityInstrumentedTest rotate
com.github.q115.goalie_android.uiTest.MainActivityInstrumentedTest viewCorrectlyLaidout
com.github.q115.goalie_android.uiTest.MainActivityInstrumentedTest menuClickFriendsGoesToFriends
com.github.q115.goalie_android.utilsTest.GoalHelperInstrumentedTest goalTestDelete
com.github.q115.goalie_android.utilsTest.GoalHelperInstrumentedTest goalTestModify
com.github.q115.goalie_android.utilsTest.GoalHelperInstrumentedTest goalTestAdd
com.github.q115.goalie_android.utilsTest.GoalHelperInstrumentedTest initalization
com.github.q115.goalie_android.utilsTest.ImageHelperInstrumentedTest saveAndDeleteImage
com.github.q115.goalie_android.utilsTest.ImageHelperInstrumentedTest initalization
com.github.q115.goalie_android.utilsTest.PreferenceHelperInstrumentedTest storedOnDisk
com.github.q115.goalie_android.utilsTest.PreferenceHelperInstrumentedTest setPushID
com.github.q115.goalie_android.utilsTest.PreferenceHelperInstrumentedTest setAccountUsername
com.github.q115.goalie_android.utilsTest.PreferenceHelperInstrumentedTest setLastSyncedTimeEpoch
com.github.q115.goalie_android.utilsTest.PreferenceHelperInstrumentedTest initalization
com.github.q115.goalie_android.utilsTest.UserHelperInstrumentedTest isUsernameValid
com.github.q115.goalie_android.utilsTest.UserHelperInstrumentedTest loadContacts
com.github.q115.goalie_android.utilsTest.UserHelperInstrumentedTest add_deleteUserIsPersisted
com.github.q115.goalie_android.utilsTest.UserHelperInstrumentedTest initalization
